Reports in API (#1626)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: v6/postman/design_and_develop_apis/view_and_analyze_reports.md

---
title: "Viewing and analyzing APIs"
page_id: "viewing_and_analyzing_apis"
warning: false
---

Business integration with the system and adding features to provide better user experience ends up creating more APIs. Their interactions become complex and traction of those becomes difficult. With the API ecosystem broadening, the need for detailed API analytics has arisen to facilitate providing feedback to *Design, Plan, Develop & Test* teams. API analytics help CXOs, Product managers, and API Architects to understand how their digital initiatives are performing.

> To address this, Postman introduced the **Reporting** feature where you will be able to explore around the APIs created, collection executions, test failures and so on. Postman reports are visualizations of your API data and they help you get insights on how your APIs are used, their performance, troubleshooting, planning, and adherence to Service level agreements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this, Postman's  **Reporting** feature allows you to view data around the APIs created, collection executions, test failures and so on. Postman reports visualize your API data and provide insights to their use, their performance, troubleshooting, planning, and adherence to Service level agreements.
```
The list in that last sentence isn't parallel

> Postman also provides key API and organization-level metrics to help you understand the needs of your users so you could make the best use of its features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman also provides key API and organization-level metrics to help you understand the needs of your users.
```

> **Note:** Your APIs must be shared with a team for you to generate reports and collections must be linked to the APIs.

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether we should have an additional section called "prerequisites" or "Getting started" or something where we go over what needs to happen in order for the reports to generate useful data, i.e. the API must be shared, you must add a collection to it, you should turn on "save responses," etc. Basically

---

> title: "Viewing and analyzing APIs"

Reviewer: Can we put "Reports" somewhere in the title for consistency with the UI?

page_id: "viewing_and_analyzing_apis"
warning: false
---

Postman reports are visualizations of your API data that help you get real-time insights on your APIs and teams using them. You can track key API and organization-level metrics to understand and better serve the needs of your users. These reports provide you granular visibility helping you understand API usage patterns, performance, SLA adherence, and so on. 

You can use Postman API reports to collect and review specific information about APIs or teams under a single view in the Postman web dashboard. This section describes the following two topics:

* Understanding team-level metrics

> * Understanding API-level metrics

Reviewer: Can we refer to these as "reports" rather than metrics?

Reviewer: Across the board
